section-1/task-C/README.md, before:

# Task C – Deploy Kubernetes App with Helm

- Deploy a simple Nginx-based web app using Helm.
- Customize values.yaml, use Ingress + Service.
- Output: chart repo or manifest, values used, explanation.

## Helm Chart Creation Process

1. **Initialize Helm Chart**
	- Ran the following command to create a new Helm chart named `sample-nginx`:
	  ```bash
	  helm create sample-nginx
	  ```
	- This generated the basic Helm chart structure in the `sample-nginx` directory.

2. **Next Steps**
	- Customize the generated chart (edit `values.yaml`, templates, etc.)
        - I have changed only nginx image tag so alpine will be used with static version (minor)
	- Configure Ingress and Service as required.
	- Deploy to Kubernetes using Helm.

> Since the default Nginx app generated by the `helm create <app>` command already includes Deployment, Service, and Ingress templates, there is no need to manually create these resources. This approach is efficient and follows the ["lazy programmer"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazy_evaluation) principle—using built-in Helm scaffolding to avoid unnecessary extra work.

> Hpa and ServiceAccount are "advanced" resources 
> but I will leave it as it was generated and focus on explanaition and demostration

## Demonstration

### Local Kubernetes Setup with kind

For testing the Helm chart, I used [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) (Kubernetes IN Docker) to create a local Kubernetes cluster.

### Deploying the Helm Chart

1. **Navigate to the chart directory:**
    ```bash
    cd sample-nginx
    ```

2. **Install the chart:**
    ```bash
    helm install sample-nginx . 
    ```

3. **Verify resources:**
    ```bash
    helm list
    kubectl get all
    kubectl get ingress
    ```

Commit message:

docs(section1-taskC): update local Kubernetes setup description to use microk8s

section-1/task-C/README.md, after:

# Task C – Deploy Kubernetes App with Helm

- Deploy a simple Nginx-based web app using Helm.
- Customize values.yaml, use Ingress + Service.
- Output: chart repo or manifest, values used, explanation.

## Helm Chart Creation Process

1. **Initialize Helm Chart**
	- Ran the following command to create a new Helm chart named `sample-nginx`:
	  ```bash
	  helm create sample-nginx
	  ```
	- This generated the basic Helm chart structure in the `sample-nginx` directory.

2. **Next Steps**
	- Customize the generated chart (edit `values.yaml`, templates, etc.)
        - I have changed only nginx image tag so alpine will be used with static version (minor)
	- Configure Ingress and Service as required.
	- Deploy to Kubernetes using Helm.

> Since the default Nginx app generated by the `helm create <app>` command already includes Deployment, Service, and Ingress templates, there is no need to manually create these resources. This approach is efficient and follows the ["lazy programmer"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazy_evaluation) principle—using built-in Helm scaffolding to avoid unnecessary extra work.

> Hpa and ServiceAccount are "advanced" resources 
> but I will leave it as it was generated and focus on explanaition and demostration

## Demonstration

### Local Kubernetes Setup with kind

For testing the Helm chart, I used [microk8s](https://microk8s.io/) (The effortless Kubernetes by Canonical) to create a single node Kubernetes cluster.

### Deploying the Helm Chart

1. **Navigate to the chart directory:**
    ```bash
    cd sample-nginx
    ```

2. **Install the chart:**
    ```bash
    helm install sample-nginx . 
    ```

3. **Verify resources:**
    ```bash
    helm list
    kubectl get all
    kubectl get ingress
    ```
